# hey-hey-its-sebbyz, ok i'll get to the identification part to spare ya some time alright. heyo, i'm sebbyz or sebby. i like uh my friends, muilti fandomers and my older sibling because she isn't mean most of the time. but i have a bunch of alters and here are some.! bluudud, past 007n7, sebastian solace, artfhl and orchestraful, past and present azure, jestertime, but i have more. i will refused to share the rest due to me having many but i will make sure to add them soon, sometimes different characters will be playing. i do have a youtube channel it is @sebbyzsupersillychannel ok. i have 2 friends who also have a git hub @bluunny and @SubSpacesZero.
 i am really young but i don't care about how weird  you have chosen to  act around me but if you be too perculiar and i have just met you then, i will remove you from my list of friends.  my friends are a bit unhinged but its fine. i will not respond to people over 18+ or 18. my birth date is 12/6 and im not tellin my age because i don't trust anyone easily unless your very close. some times i can be clingy or when a different friend comes might not talk to them due to probably being with a different friend.! 
 i'm a multi-fandomer too some of my fandoms are not forsaken i just play the game, dandy's world, TRUD , dod, pressure and more but again i dunno which ones i am in. i am a young artist, but i do curse on online games like uh pony town. i try to keep thoughts of ending mysef out of my mind and not crying. so uh buh bye luv you germz and kim.! ^_^

i hope you have entertained yourself reading this read me, i'll see you next time my brothers and sisters. HOLY CORYXKENSHIN REFERENCE.?! ok cuh be quiet
